feat(codedeploy): support multiple load balancers for deployment groups (#27607)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-codedeploy/README.md

});
```

The `loadBalancer` property has been deprecated. To provide multiple Elastic Load Balancers as target groups use the `loadBalancers` parameter:

```ts

> import * as elb from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-elasticloadbalancing';
> import * as elb2 from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-elasticloadbalancingv2';
> 
> declare const lb: elb.LoadBalancer;
> lb.addListener({
>   externalPort: 80,
> });
> 
> declare const alb: elb2.ApplicationLoadBalancer;
> const listener = alb.addListener('Listener', { port: 80 });
> const targetGroup = listener.addTargets('Fleet', { port: 80 });
> 
> const deploymentGroup = new codedeploy.ServerDeploymentGroup(this, 'DeploymentGroup', {
>   loadBalancers: [
>     codedeploy.LoadBalancer.classic(lb),
>     codedeploy.LoadBalancer.application(targetGroup),
>   ]
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import * as elb from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-elasticloadbalancing';
import * as elb2 from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-elasticloadbalancingv2';

declare const clb: elb.LoadBalancer;
declare const alb: elb2.ApplicationLoadBalancer;
declare const nlb: elb2.NetworkLoadBalancer;

const albListener = alb.addListener('ALBListener', { port: 80 });
const albTargetGroup = albListener.addTargets('ALBFleet', { port: 80 });

const nlbListener = nlb.addListener('NLBListener', { port: 80 });
const nlbTargetGroup = nlbListener.addTargets('NLBFleet', { port: 80 });

const deploymentGroup = new codedeploy.ServerDeploymentGroup(this, 'DeploymentGroup', {
  loadBalancers: [
    codedeploy.LoadBalancer.classic(clb),
    codedeploy.LoadBalancer.application(albTargetGroup),
    codedeploy.LoadBalancer.network(nlbTargetGroup),
  ]
});
```
More complete example.
